Update Start-SPOUserAndContentMove.md (#6304)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Start-SPOUserAndContentMove.md

## DESCRIPTION

> This commandlet applies to Multi-Geo tenants and it is designed to move user profiles and their corresponding OneDrive personal sites across geo locations. These commandlets may only be ran by a SharePoint or Global administrator, who is connected to the SharePoint administration center of the geo location where the user is currently hosted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet applies to Multi-Geo tenants and it is designed to move user profiles and their corresponding OneDrive personal sites across geo locations. These cmdlets may only be ran by a SharePoint or Global administrator, who is connected to the SharePoint administration center of the geo location where the user is currently hosted. 
```

### -ValidationOnly

> Use this parameter to validate if the user is able to be moved. This parameter is recommended for any user move. 

Reviewer 2: Can you provide some text to explain why this switch is recommended?
